[AUDIO LOGO]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Tell me
about the Alaska Triangle.
What is it?
Where is it?
>>MIKE RICKSECKER: This is about
180,000 square miles of really
strange and abnormal activity.
Some people call it
Alaska's Bermuda Triangle.
There are these different
areas around the world that
have missing airplanes, ships.
People go missing, UFOs,
paranormal activity.
I believe it's the
electromagnetism of that area.
>>GEORGE: Of that triangle?
>>MIKE: Yes, absolutely.
16,000 people have
gone missing in Alaska.
>>GEORGE: 16,000?
Wow.
Welcome to "Beyond Belief."
Mike Ricksecker is back with
us, a paranormal researcher,
historian, and author.
His 12th book is about
Alaska's mysterious triangle.
Mike, welcome to the program.
>>MIKE: George, thank you
so much for having me today.
Really appreciate it.
>>GEORGE: 12 books?
That's fantastic.
>>MIKE: A few, yes.
>>GEORGE: Good for you.
How long?
How did you get into this?
>>MIKE: Well, writing,
that aspect has always
been a part of my life, ever
since I was seven years old.
I started off writing
little mystery stories,
really like the "Encyclopedia
Brown" books when I was a kid
and tried to mimic those.
And I also wrote some paranormal
ghost stories, things like that
as well.
But the esoteric research
that I'm doing these days
was really inspired around 1993
frame when the Robert Schoch
and John Anthony West
presentation came out
with Charlton Heston on "The
Mysteries of the Sphinx."
That was absolutely
fascinating to me.
And that became a
whole rabbit hole
that I started diving down into.
>>GEORGE: Captured
your attention.
>>MIKE: Absolutely.
>>GEORGE: Now, tell me
about the Alaska Triangle.
What is it?
Where is it?
>>MIKE: Yeah, the Alaska
Triangle in Alaska,
specifically from
Juneau to Anchorage up
to Utqiagvik which,
formerly known as Barrow.
They renamed it to
the original Inuit.
And this is about 180,000
square miles of land
that has really strange
and abnormal activity.
>>GEORGE: That's a lot of land.
>>MIKE: It really is.
It's a huge area.
We relate it to the
Bermuda Triangle.
Some people call it
Alaska's Bermuda Triangle.
But there are these
different areas
around the world that have
this strange activity-- missing
airplanes, ships,
people go missing,
UFOs, paranormal activity.
And there's the dragon
triangle out in Japan.
There's Bridgewater in
Massachusetts, the Lake
Michigan triangle.
So they're really
all over the world.
Alaska is a really anomalous
one and very, very large.
>>GEORGE: How did you
become aware of this?
>>MIKE: Well, I spent
three years in Alaska
when I was a member of the
US Air Force, my first duty
station.
>>GEORGE: Thank you for serving.
>>MIKE: Thank you.
I appreciate that,
1992 and 1995.
And I really wasn't aware
of this unusual activity
when I first went up there.
As a young airman it was
just getting my feet wet.
>>GEORGE: Who would
expect you to?
>>MIKE: Right, exactly.
But when I first
stepped off the plane,
it was just a whole other world.
This was November 1, 1992.
And there's already
snow on the ground.
But also mixed in there was
ash falling from the sky
from a recent volcano eruption,
Mount Spurr across the Cook
Inlet.
A couple of months
later, there's
a pretty large earthquake,
6.8 on the Richter scale.
OK, this is very volatile land.
And then that April, there
was a plane taking off
from the Anchorage airport
in which the engine just
fell right off the plane into
a supermarket parking lot.
>>GEORGE: That
doesn't happen often.
>>MIKE: No, no, not at all.
Fortunately nobody was hurt,
if you can believe that.
>>GEORGE: You're kidding me.
>>MIKE: No.
It fell into the backside
of the parking lot.
Shrapnel rained down into
apartments that were nearby.
People were walking
into their bedrooms,
finding shrapnel on the floor.
Nobody was hurt.
>>GEORGE: It just disintegrated.
>>MIKE: Yeah.
>>GEORGE: What caused that?
>>MIKE: Well, I believe it's the
electromagnetism of that area.
>>GEORGE: Of that triangle?
>>MIKE: Yes, absolutely.
When we talk about vortex energy
and these different portals
that are spun off,
this is magnetic energy
that's welling up
from the Earth's core.
And as it passes through
different metals and minerals,
it creates different
reaction, creates
different magnetic fields.
And this is a study by the
US Department of the Interior
in 1965, in which just covering
about 100,000 square miles
of Alaska, and this is--
Alaska is over
600,000 square miles.
So they weren't able
to get to it all.
But just in this sixth of
the state that they studied
they found what they called five
distinct magnetic characters.
And some of these they
called magnetic anomalies.
And people report
strange compass readings.
They have problems with
navigation and guidance.
It was a very volatile area.
>>GEORGE: Anomalies everywhere.
>>MIKE: Absolutely.
>>GEORGE: Has anybody
tried to research this area
besides someone like you?
I mean, has science tried
to do anything about this?
>>MIKE: Yeah, aside from
those magnetic readings that
the Department of
the Interior made--
and this is back in the
'60s, almost 50 years ago--
there really hasn't been that
type of research up there.
And I really wish somebody
would go ahead and do
so so we can put more
science behind what
we are experiencing up there.
>>GEORGE: One of our
guests, Freddy Silva,
was on "Open Minds," one
of our fine Gaia shows.
And he spoke of what we
call energetic hotspots
and how they generate
strange activity.
>>FREDDY SILVA: Arunachala
is one of the original navels
of the Earth.
And it's in Tamil culture in all
of their sacred texts and they
describe it as a place of the
first occasion in Indian terms,
where just before the major
catastrophe happened when India
did lose a huge amount
of its landmass--
and this is validated--
the god, Siva, addresses the
people in the temple and says,
we need to take the knowledge.
We need to hide it in
the hill of Arunachala,
where a lingam will
represent my effulgent power.
And, of course,
there is there today
a lingam stone, a
very phallic stone,
which marks the navel
of the Earth, where
the actual repository--
>>REGINA MEREDITH: And
in the temple down below,
same thing, and
ceremonies each day.
Yes.
>>FREDDY: And that's where the
effluent energy of the god,
Siva, the creator
god, actually resides.
And it's from there if you
take some very highly-sensitive
equipment that you will
find it's highly magnetized.
There's something
about the location
of all of these standing stones,
these navels of the Earth,
where the laws of
physics are slightly
different from the
landscape around you.
And we now know that
those slight differences
are those that interfere with
your brainwave patterns, which
is why you start getting
to these shamanic states.
>>REGINA: Oh yeah, absolutely.
>>FREDDY: And where do you
get your knowledge from.
>>GEORGE: Do you agree with him?
>>MIKE: Absolutely.
I love Freddy's work
on this subject.
And I've had a
chance to talk to him
a couple of times about this.
>>GEORGE: He's a genius.
>>MIKE: Oh, absolutely.
Yeah, his book, "The
Divine Blueprint,"
I highly recommend it.
And what he's
talking about there
are the telluric currents of
the Earth, what people commonly
referred to as ley lines.
And where they cross you
have the conductivity
discontinuities.
And that's where you have
these really happening spots.
And more things, like portals
or missing airplanes and things
like that, are happening
more in these areas.
And the ancients knew
to build the stone
circles, the pyramids, things
like this on these locations.
The interesting
thing about Alaska
is that it's so far
up north and so remote
that you really don't find those
types of temples and things
like that up there,
unless they're
buried under the ice,
which is totally possible.
But it still has a very
similar type of activity.
And the Native Alaskan
shamans, the Inuit elders
will talk about this
type of activity.
They just don't have the
standing stones and things
like that.
>>GEORGE: Strange activity,
indeed, out there.
>>MIKE: Absolutely.
>>GEORGE: Do you think this
is paranormal or natural?
>>MIKE: Well, it's an
interesting question,
because I believe in
the school of thought
that we use the
term "supernatural,"
but it's all actually
very natural.
It's just something
we don't experience
as often, which is why we
use the term "paranormal."
There is certainly
paranormal activity
that happens in this area.
And it may be quite
more active up there.
>>GEORGE: We've got a
couple of photographs
I want you to look at and tell
us what we're seeing here.
Now, what is this?
>>MIKE: This is
Flattop Mountain.
A couple of years ago, I was in
this area doing some research
for another television show.
And we were up there with some
electromagnetic field meters.
We had dowsing rods.
>>GEORGE: Sure.
You had it all.
>>MIKE: Absolutely.
And we did find possibly one
of these telluric currents
using the dowsing rods,
basically pointing
from the top of Flattop
Mountain all the way down
into the Anchorage area.
>>GEORGE: It does
not look unusual.
It doesn't look like any of
these strange occurrences
could happen on
something like this.
>>MIKE: Yes, it
looks very innocent.
And people go hiking through
this area all the time,
yet you hear these
stories of people
just on a hiking trail like
this suddenly going missing.
Where did they go?
>>GEORGE: Where did they go?
Let's look at our
next still here.
Pretty view.
>>MIKE: Yeah, yeah, definitely.
And this is the view
down to Anchorage
from that location
at Flattop Mountain,
drawing that line straight
down into the city.
And this is one of the points
of the Alaska Triangle.
>>GEORGE: Now, when
you're out there,
do you have special reading
gauges or anything like that?
And are they going nuts?
>>MIKE: Yeah, we'll have
electromagnetic field meters.
We'll have TriField
meters, these sorts
of things, and the
old-school methods,
like the dowels and rods and
maybe a pendulum or something
like that.
Some people will go out there
with different magnetometers.
So there's a lot of equipment
that you can, of course,
bring to these locations and
get these significant readings.
>>GEORGE: What other experiments
have you performed out there?
>>MIKE: I mean, those were
the ones that I performed.
We only had a very
limited time, but again,
very, very significant that I
was able to take those rods,
cross over this line--
I'm going back and
forth, attempting
to do this several occasions.
And you establish,
this is a spot.
Now can I go up and down the
mountain taking the rods?
And sure enough, I'm able
to draw this perfect line.
>>GEORGE: Are there reports of
people who go into this area
and never come out?
David Paulides,
for example, writes
a lot of things about missing
people in our park systems.
You might be walking
with somebody.
You turn around
and they're gone.
Nobody knows where they
are, no scream, nothing.
Does that happen out here?
>>MIKE: Oh, absolutely.
Alaska is one of the
more famous locations
for this type of activity.
16,000 people have
gone missing in Alaska.
>>GEORGE: 16,000?
>>MIKE: Since 1988.
>>GEORGE: Poof, gone.
>>MIKE: Just gone.
Just gone.
You give the percentage, because
Alaska is a very sparsely
populated state.
It has about the
population of San Francisco
in an entire state.
So 16,000 is a very
large percentage
of people to go missing.
And they do disappear
right in front of people.
2012, Mount Marathon
Race, Michael LeMaitre,
he's a member of the
race, mile and a half up
the mountain, right in
public view, goes missing,
never comes back
down off the mountain
in the middle of a race.
>>GEORGE: Of these 16,000, Mike,
do they ever find any of them
dead?
>>MIKE: Well, I mean, there
are some natural causes
for some of these.
Sure.
People go out in the woods--
>>GEORGE: Oh, absolutely.
>>MIKE: --and they go
missing in the woods.
There are kidnappings,
things like this.
But there are several that
are just never seen or heard
from again and nobody
knows what happened.
>>GEORGE: Do they
ever come back alive?
>>MIKE: Not usually, no.
Every once in a while, you
hear a case of somebody who
they just, they're
with a friend,
they stepped off the path
because they heard a noise
or whatever it was,
and all of a sudden
they find themselves
deep in the woods,
have no idea how they got
there, can't find their way back
to the path.
And it might be
a couple of weeks
later that they're
finally found.
And their story is I have
no idea how I got there.
>>GEORGE: But you don't have
anybody who has come back
and they say, oh my god, I
walked into another dimension.
I couldn't get back.
But I found a hole and came in.
You don't get that?
>>MIKE: Well, there is a story
of a young boy a few years back
that was found by some hunters.
They had some snowmobiles
and they were out there
on their way to a location that
they were going to go hunt at.
And they saw this boy just stand
there amongst these bushes.
There's no tracks
leading up to this boy.
And take him in because he's
cold and he's shivering.
And the story that he tells
after they bring him in
is that he had been taken
into the nearby mountain
by these small people.
And while he was there,
he met this young girl
who had been there for
40 years but didn't age.
So time was very
elusive in this area.
For whatever reason, they
decided to let him go.
And he just emerged
in this location
where the hunters found him.
>>GEORGE: That's unbelievable.
>>MIKE: Yeah, it's
a bizarre story.
>>GEORGE: And planes
disappear, too?
>>MIKE: There are quite
a few different stories
about missing airplanes.
The most famous would be
the 1972 Airplane that
went missing, a small
Cessna plane carrying
the House Majority Leader Hale
Boggs, Congressman Nick Begich.
>>GEORGE: I know Nick
Begich's son, Nick Begich Jr.
>>MIKE: Junior, right.
>>GEORGE: And he talks
about that incredible story.
And they never found the plane?
>>MIKE: They never found
a thing, no, not at all.
And other planes have
gone down in that area.
And they keep a
lookout, were you
ever going to find that plane?
It was the biggest search
and rescue mission--
>>GEORGE: It was huge.
>>MIKE: --yeah, by the United
States to that point in time.
They had spy planes out
there looking for them,
not a thing ever found,
completely disappeared.
>>GEORGE: How could
you not find a plane
unless something happened
where it just disappeared?
>>MIKE: Yeah, and
that's where I think
they're disappearing into
some of these portals that
are spawned up.
Another famous one, 1950,
a Douglas Skymaster,
huge airplane carrying
44 military personnel.
Day was in January, so
it's a little chilly.
And as they were crossing over
Alaska into the Yukon territory
of Canada near the Snag
area they just completely
disappeared, not a thing
heard from them again.
A couple of weeks later,
there was a smaller plane
that went down in that area.
They were able to find that
one just perfectly fine.
But this huge Douglas
Skymaster, which, again, they
had thousands of
people out there
looking for some sort
of wreckage that may
have gone down, nothing at all.
>>GEORGE: Nothing.
It's unbelievable.
>>MIKE: Yeah.
It is very surprising
that you could not ever
find one piece of evidence.
And there were people
trying to give reports of,
well, we heard this
over here and we
thought we heard an explosion.
And they go out and investigate
and there's nothing there.
>>GEORGE: Ever any UFO
activity out there?
>>MIKE: Well, it's
very interesting.
With that Douglas
Skymaster story,
a couple of days beforehand
around the Kodiak area,
just south of Anchorage, there
was a rather significant UFO
sighting, which
involved the US Navy.
There were some bright lights
that were seen in the sky
by a Navy patrol pilot.
And then a couple
of hours later,
the USS Tillamook,
which is a Navy vessel,
there were several witnesses
aboard that ship that, again,
saw strange lights, that one
described it as it looked
like a red glowing exhaust.
Others described it as like
an orange ball of fire.
And this went on
for several hours.
And this was just days
before that Douglas Skymaster
went missing.
>>GEORGE: Amazing.
Now, what about the
activity of the sun?
Does that have a
bearing on any of this?
>>MIKE: It does.
I think that's something
that people kind of forget
and don't really consider.
But the Earth's magnetic shield
around our poles is thinner.
And so when the solar
flares coming from the sun
smack into the
Earth's atmosphere,
that's where we get
these beautiful auroras.
I saw several up there
when I lived up there.
>>GEORGE: It's gorgeous.
>>MIKE: It is very,
very beautiful.
I love it.
But that creates a higher
electromagnetic field.
And so we hear about the
mass coronal ejections
that hit the Earth.
And they can knock out
entire power grids.
>>GEORGE: Oh, absolutely.
We've been a champion
trying to get
the grid protected because if
an X-flare hits us, we're toast.
>>MIKE: Yeah, absolutely.
So Alaska is really this
interesting cocktail of energy
because you have
the solar flares.
You have the volcanic
and seismic activity.
Then you have, of course,
the magnetic activity
that's coming up out
of the ground, too.
So you have all of these factors
playing into this triangle
area.
>>GEORGE: We have
a clip from you
about the disappearance
phenomena which is happening
in the Alaska Triangle.
>>MIKE: The Alaska
Triangle is an area
of Alaska from Juneau to
Anchorage to Barrow, which
is known for strange
disappearances, anomalies,
and supernatural activity.
In any given year,
500 to 2,000 people
go missing in Alaska and a
total of 16,000 since 1988.
Like the Bermuda Triangle,
the Alaska Triangle
seems to harness the
Earth's energy grid
to create a vortex of
mystery and a possible portal
into another dimension,
affecting planes, boats,
people, and more.
I've appeared on a handful
of episodes of "The Alaska
Triangle."
And the show covered a
number of strange occurrences
and disappearances, including
missing airplanes and ships,
UFO sightings,
paranormal activity,
and cryptid sightings.
The missing Douglas story
is particularly interesting.
This was a Douglas
C-54D airplane,
which took off from Elmendorf
Air Force Base in January 1950
and disappeared without a trace.
The weather called for
mostly clear skies.
And there was no
reason to suspect
anything was wrong with its
final radio contact at 1:09 PM.
However, at the very edge
of the Alaska Triangle,
near Snag in Yukon Territory,
Canada, it disappeared.
No wreckage or survivors
were ever found.
During the search operation,
cryptic radio messages
were received, but it
was difficult to discern
the message they were
trying to convey.
Many believe these messages were
from the crew of the missing
Douglas C-54D.
Yet just as quickly as
the transmissions started,
they stopped.
If the plane had slipped into a
portal into another dimension,
could those messages have
been transmitting back
through the portal,
since sound travels
on a different wavelength
then frequency, than light?
Even when I lived in Alaska
during the early to mid-1990s,
crazy activity happened
when an engine fell off
an airplane taking off
from the Anchorage airport.
Fortunately, no one was
hurt, but local citizens
were shocked when
the engine crashed
into the parking a local
supermarket and the shrapnel
fell into people's homes.
And then back over
here in the back
of the-- fortunately in the
back of the parking lot,
no one was hurt.
That's where the engine fell.
Of course, the most notorious
Alaska Triangle disappearance
is that of the Airplane carrying
US House Majority Leader Hale
Boggs, Alaska Congressman Nick
Begich, aide Russell Brown,
and pilot Don Johns in 1972.
In an effort that spanned an
area of 325,000 square miles
and more than 3,600
hours of search time,
nothing was ever found.
>>GEORGE: This is one of the
most incredible stories, Mike,
I've ever heard,
truly remarkable.
>>MIKE: Yeah, it's
absolutely fascinating, sad
because these people are
never heard from again.
The families are traumatized.
And people want answers.
>>GEORGE: Of course.
They're entitled to the answers.
>>MIKE: And I believe so.
>>GEORGE: Can you imagine the
horror, assuming for a moment
that these people have
fallen into a portal
and can't get back?
I mean, my god.
What do you think is
going through their minds?
>>MIKE: Well, I
mean, the people that
go through the portals, I
mean, absolutely shocking.
I've looked at it from
another perspective.
When they go through
these portals,
where are they arriving?
Is it in another dimension?
Is another point in time?
>>GEORGE: Or are they dead?
>>MIKE: Or are they dead, yeah,
that's another question, too.
Do they end up just dying?
I'd like to look at the
possibility of them maybe
going to another point in time.
Let's say that missing Douglas
Skymaster went back 500 years
in time.
That's where the
portal spit them out,
because we've seen
that with Bruce Gernon
down in the Bermuda Triangle.
>>GEORGE: Or into the future.
>>MIKE: Yeah, into the future.
Bruce Gernon went into the
future a couple of hours.
So if the Douglas
Skymaster went back,
say, 500 years into the
past and the Native Inuit
up there see this massive
airplane in the sky,
well, they have no context
of an airplane at all.
So what so they relate it to?
A giant bird, very
thunderous in nature.
So is this where some of
these thunderbird legends
are coming from, these airplanes
going through a portal back
in time and the Inuit are
seeing it and coming up
with their legends?
>>GEORGE: How comparable
is the Alaska Triangle
to the Bermuda Triangle?
>>MIKE: It's right
on par, I believe.
Between the different
disappearances with airplanes,
you have a lot of
strange things that
happen with ships, of
course, the UFO activity
within these areas as well.
So it's very comparable.
>>GEORGE: Is the activities
out there scary at all?
>>MIKE: Well, I
mean, you have quite
a bit of paranormal
activity up there as well,
people reporting
hauntings, ghosts, spirits,
these sorts of things.
>>GEORGE: Is that unusual?
>>MIKE: No, it's
not unusual at all.
I experienced some
things up there
in the Alaska Command Building
that people would probably
call shadow beings because
that's what we were seeing.
We were seeing these shadows
in the communications center
of the Alaska Command
Building, which
was in the basement
of this huge building.
And it's a secure facility.
But in the back offices area
and sometimes out on the floor,
but usually in the
back offices, we
would see these
shadows moving about.
And you would feel a very heavy
energy at that point in time.
So something would kind of--
you'd get like that sensation
of goose bumps on your back,
like OK, what's going on here?
And then all of a sudden, you
would see this shadow dart
between the cubicles
or into the back corner
or something like that.
And so kind of trying to
discern or figure out, OK,
what's going on here?
Now, there are legends about
the building perhaps once
being a historic hospital
before it was used for command.
I did some historic
research on that.
It was never a hospital.
They were saying, trying to
say we were in the morgue.
But I think that's
just the people trying
to really figure
out and determine,
what is going on here?
It doesn't make sense.
And we couldn't talk
about it too vocally.
Otherwise you'd find yourself
down at mental health.
So this legend was formulated.
But when I did my research
into the building from my book,
"Alaska's Mysterious
Triangle," I had discovered,
no, this was only
ever used for command.
So what's happening here?
Why are we seeing these shadows?
And so I believe time is all
concurrent, past, present,
future.
Now, there are moments
that the energy of an area
can somehow sync up to
those moments of time
to be on the same frequency.
And we're able to for a moment
see those things happening.
So right now it could be syncing
up with a moment from the past.
And therefore, we see what
we might think is a ghost.
But that ghost could
be looking at us,
as if we're the ghost or
maybe a shadow person.
>>GEORGE: We've got
a couple of stills
I want you to look at
and react for us, Mike.
Let's look at our first
one, which is a building.
What is this?
>>MIKE: Yeah, this is the
Alaska Command Building where--
>>GEORGE: This is the one.
>>MIKE: Yeah, I spent two of
my three years in Alaska there.
And it was in the
basement of this building
where we were seeing
that shadow activity.
Again, we would kind of talk
about it in whispers-- hey,
did you see that?
And I believe that
there are actually
time slips that we may have been
seeing personnel from the past
or even from the future.
It could have been
ourselves down there.
>>GEORGE: Just
hanging around there.
Next still, let's see
what we have here.
>>MIKE: Yeah, this is
a young version of me.
>>GEORGE: How old were you?
>>MIKE: I was 19.
>>GEORGE: Just a kid.
Air Force?
>>MIKE: Air Force, yes.
I was just a kid.
>>GEORGE: Good for you.
>>MIKE: And so this is on the
floor of the Communications
Center.
And you can barely see
it on the other side,
but there is a doorway back
there, in which many times
we would see those shadows
darting into that room
back there.
>>GEORGE: These shadow entities,
what's your gut tell you?
What are they?
>>MIKE: Yeah, there are a
lot of different theories
as to what these things
are and who they could be.
Some people will
try to say they're
the darkest of the
dark and very evil.
Some of them.
Are some of them
are up to no good.
Others are benevolent.
Most are just standing,
watching, and observing.
So we have some that are human
spirits that just can't fully
manifest as an apparition
or some sort of ghost.
I think a true shadow
person is some sort
of interdimensional being
that's crossing over
from some other
plane of existence.
Some are extraterrestrials.
Some may even be astral
projections and things
like this.
So they are a variety
of different things.
>>GEORGE: In your docuseries
called "The Shadow Dimension,"
you talk about these
interdimensional beings.
>>MARK ANTHONY: In spirit
communicates and in encounters
with aliens, there's these
abrupt and sudden appearances.
There's oftentimes accompanied
by flashes of light and also
a rapid disappearance.
And this would tend
to indicate coming
from one location in
a different dimension,
doing a quantum
leap, if you will,
that would account for
the flash of light,
the electromagnetic energy, and
then the rapid disappearance.
So we very well
may be dealing with
several different entities,
several different species using
a similar energetic
modality in order
for them to communicate or
to visit what we call Earth.
>>MIKE: I believe a
true shadow person
is an interdimensional being.
And that's what this
research is coming down to.
How can we interact with
other dimensions and beings
from other dimensions?
We're going to be
going to locations
that are known for
portal activity that
have that welling of the
Earth's magnetic core
to create that vortex
of energy, that creates
these portals and other
supernatural activity in highly
concentrated areas like this.
This is why the ancients would
create these sites of power,
like Stonehenge and
Karnak, the pyramids,
because they knew that this
was a highly energetic spot
to be able to tap into the
Earth's magnetic field.
>> I tend to think that these
were interdimensional beings.
I've heard people
talk about ghosts
and spirits, apparitions, and
what their encounters are like.
And I've even seen a
ghostly figure before.
When I've stayed in
castles in Europe.
I've seen things out of
the corner of my eyes.
These beings, I would
describe the encounter
as much different.
There's something about them
that it was like, what is this?
Who are they?
I tend to think they're from
another dimensional space.
>>GEORGE: They
might all be right.
The remarkable
researcher, Heidi Hollis,
coined the phrase "shadow
people" many, many years ago.
And these beings, whatever they
may be, could be everywhere.
What do you think?
>>MIKE: Yeah, I mean,
there is another dimension.
There's another
world around us--
>>GEORGE: Something's out there.
>>MIKE: --that we cannot
see with our own eyes
because it's in a
different light spectrum.
But it's all around us.
And there are those
moments, again,
in which the situation
is just right
and those two
moments are vibrating
at the same frequency.
I mean, we're all vibrating.
We're all energy, resonance.
And those moments are just
right in the frequency that's
being produced and we
get a glimpse of it.
I believe many of these
interdimensional beings
have figured out how
to harness that energy,
how to get themselves
on the same wavelength,
the right frequency, to be able
to enter into our dimension
and watch and observe humanity.
>>GEORGE: What could be
another reason, Mike,
that these disappearances occur?
The planes, the people--
could they be keeping them for
some reason, these entities?
>>MIKE: Well, and that
happens with a lot of people.
We hear stories of
extraterrestrial abductions.
They could be
interdimensional beings
that are abducting people
for scientific research
in their own realm.
They're probably
curious about humanity.
I mean, we would do such a thing
if we went to another planet
and were going to study the
life that's on that planet.
So that may be what's
happening to us.
>>GEORGE: Now, you talked
earlier about other areas
on this planet that could
be similar to the Alaska
Triangle, the Bermuda Triangle.
How many are there
that we know of?
>>MIKE: Yeah, there are a lot.
In some of the
films that I've put
together I cover a good half
a dozen, several of them
here in the United States--
Nevada, Lake Michigan,
the Bridgewater Triangle.
>>GEORGE: All similar things,
strange things happen?
>>MIKE: Similar activity, yeah.
You had the famous
Northwest flight
that went missing
over Lake Michigan,
but also people
disappearing right off
of boats, ships going down
without any rhyme or reason.
So you have a lot
of strange activity
there at Lake Michigan as
well, but similar to what
you find in Bermuda and Alaska.
>>GEORGE: Do you have
any strange anomalies
of creatures and
animals out there,
like two-headed rabbits
or anything like that?
>>MIKE: Well, there
are a number of what
people call cryptid sightings,
so Bigfoot sightings,
things like this.
Alaska has the famous Kushtaka,
which is half man, half otter.
And those type of
stories seem very related
to something like the Wendigo
around the Great Lakes area,
in which people are
lured out into the woods
with cries of help and
this sort of thing.
And they're either
attacked by the Kushtaka
or they are turned into
a Kushtaka themselves.
>>GEORGE: We talked earlier
about the possibility
of UFO activity.
Is that still pretty prevalent?
>>MIKE: Oh yeah, there are
certainly many UFO sightings
out there today, also
USOs, the submerged--
>>GEORGE: Submergables.
>>MIKE: --objects, yeah.
We don't really think
about this with Alaska,
but there are over 3
million lakes up there
that are over 20 acres large.
So a lot of places for
these sorts of things
to be able to hide.
>>GEORGE: Tell me
about Mount Hayes.
>>MIKE: Mount
Hayes, so this is--
it's one of the largest peaks
in Alaska, very, very remote,
right really in the middle
of the Alaska Triangle.
And this became rather
famous and noted
for possible
extraterrestrial activity
up there through remote viewing.
The famous remote viewer, Pat
Price back in the early 1970s,
he had one day on Hal Puthoff's
desk put down a folder
and said, I think you're going
to find this interesting.
On his own he had done
some remote viewing
of different areas
around the world,
one of them being Mount Hayes.
And some of his
findings at first
seem to be rather innocuous.
OK, there's human
activity going on,
some of the equipment that he
describes first, computers,
oscilloscopes, some equipment
for weather detection.
That seemed fine.
But when he looked
inside the mountain,
he discovered an open area
where humans, likely military,
were working with these
superhuman type people that may
have been extraterrestrials.
>>GEORGE: Are there
hidden ET bases there?
>>MIKE: A lot of
people believe so.
This is certainly one of them.
>>GEORGE: What might they look
like, if you had to speculate?
>>MIKE: Some of them, at least
from Pat Price's description,
many of these seem to
be larger in nature.
Like I said, he described them
as more superhuman in nature.
So they had some added
strength, larger in stature,
a little bit different than
what we think of with some
of the Grey aliens.
>>GEORGE: We've talked
about ancient aliens
before on this program a lot.
Is there a connection
between ancient civilizations
and this triangle?
>>MIKE: I believe so.
We hear stories about the
black pyramid up there.
Now, this is another location
that we have anecdotal stories
for.
It was actually just before I
was stationed up there in 1992,
there was a news story that ran.
China was doing some
nuclear testing.
We knew the seismic
waves were going
to hit the area from that.
And so geologists had
primed their instruments
to be able to detect this.
From their readings
they discovered
that there was this pyramidal
structure under the mountains
there near Mount Denali.
And what was very, very
strange about this,
there was a young individual in
the army at the time stationed
at Fort Richardson, Doug
Mutschler, who went down
to the station
because he was trying
to get family to tune
into another broadcast
of this story.
And nobody could seem to find
this second broadcast of it.
So he went down to the station.
And they denied any
knowledge of this report
that he had actually
seen until--
>>GEORGE: But they
knew about it?
>>MIKE: They knew about it.
As he was walking out of the
building, very disappointed,
there was a young aide that
pulled him aside and said,
a few hours ago, just
before you showed up,
there were some men that came
and confiscated the tapes.
>>GEORGE: Wow.
>>MIKE: Yeah, so
it's something--
>>GEORGE: We hear
this all the time.
>>MIKE: Yeah, like the
men in black type stories.
>>GEORGE: All the time.
>>MIKE: Right.
>>GEORGE: On Gaia's
"Open Lines,"
Linda Moulton Howe,
great reporter,
talks about the discovery
of the Alaskan Pyramid.
>>LINDA MOULTON
HOWE: Now, what did
the father tell the son
that I've interviewed
that he learned from that
pilot about what in the world
was there under that
kind of security.
It is a pyramid made out of
stone thousands of years old.
The maker is unknown and that
we know, meaning our government,
the US government,
has learned that it
can give off enough energy to
power the nation of Canada.
Now, the father tells his
wife and the son about this
and says, I promised the
pilot I would never, ever talk
to anybody, so don't talk.
That was in 1978.
So now we have '59 to
'61 a Western Electric
Bell with a military background,
electrical engineer, who
is working at the
base of a pyramid
and tells his son all about it.
Then you jump from
'59, '61, to 1978,
Unalalkeet out to where
very near Mount McKinley
and this drama and this
being thousands of years
old, no one knows who made
it, but the government
knows that it will give off
enough energy to power Canada?
Jump to 1994 November, 40 men
working in the United States
Army Counterintelligence,
the warrant officer,
Doug Mutschler watches--
it was in house.
It was in Fort Richardson.
That's what we are still
trying to figure out.
Was this something that was
not broadcast to the greater
Anchorage population?
Was this a test for
some reason inside
of Fort Richardson and it
tells about this huge pyramid
underground and how
scientists found it
with the Chinese one
megaton test, which is
how I came to learn about it?
>>GEORGE: There is so much
going on this planet, Mike.
I mean, my gosh, even
that example alone--
where is this happening?
>>MIKE: It's happening all over.
These are things
that are with us.
And it's just a matter of paying
attention and in observing.
People tend to go about
their daily lives.
We have a lot of
things going on.
We're very, very busy people.
If we stop and listen
and watch and observe,
we'll find a lot of these things
happening around us everywhere.
>>GEORGE: In the
South Pole there's
a supposed pyramid down there.
Let's look at this.
It's weird, isn't that?
>>MIKE: It is.
It looks like an aerial photo
of the Great Pyramid of Giza
with snow all around it.
But this is in the
Ellsworth Range.
Now, the mainstream
will tell you
that this is just a
geological feature.
It's just a mountain.
But that sure looks
like a pyramid to me.
Unfortunately, there's not
really a way to get out to it.
It's very, very remote.
And this is just
a satellite photo.
But we're seeing here
connections all over the world.
Here's a pyramidal
structure in Antarctica,
which we know is very ancient.
It's not always
been where it was.
When they've drilled
down to the ice
they have found jungle there.
>>GEORGE: Could that
be a natural formation?
>>MIKE: There is a
possibility that it could be.
We can't rule that out.
But I think we would want
some verification of that.
Can we send a team out there
to go verify whether that is
a natural feature or a pyramid?
>>GEORGE: It looks pretty
desolate, doesn't it, Mike?
>>MIKE: Oh, absolutely.
>>GEORGE: How do
you even get to it?
>>MIKE: Right now you don't.
>>GEORGE: How high up is that?
>>MIKE: I mean, it's
several thousand feet.
>>GEORGE: That's huge.
>>MIKE: Off the top of
my head I do not recall.
But it's huge.
Everything in Antarctica
seems to be bigger.
>>GEORGE: The Saint Louis Arch,
you've seen pictures of that.
>>MIKE: Yeah, I've been here.
>>GEORGE: It's 600 feet tall.
So this thing is at least
two or three times taller
than the arch.
>>MIKE: At least, yeah.
>>GEORGE: That's amazing.
>>MIKE: Yeah, and you think
about this with Antarctica,
there are miles of ice there.
So how much farther
down does that go?
>>GEORGE: I mean,
truly you could
see it looks like
a perfect pyramid.
Look at it.
>>MIKE: Yeah, it's
a perfect pyramid.
How is something
like that natural?
So is this connected to
the pyramids of Giza?
Is it connected to the
black pyramid in Alaska?
This is where I think that we
have forgotten history, that
over the course of millennia,
ancient cultures, whether it
was some maybe wars broke
out and they were annihilated
and they forgot their
knowledge, we, of course,
know the stories of Atlantis.
Is this tied into those
ancient cultures like that?
It's possible.
>>GEORGE: Were you ever scared
being out in that region?
>>MIKE: In Alaska?
>>GEORGE: Yes.
>>MIKE: Probably
the scariest moment
that I had was the drive out.
I actually drove out of
Alaska November 1994.
>>GEORGE: Why was
the drive scary?
>>MIKE: There were
points in time
where the road, the Alaska
Canadian Highway at that time,
there are some areas
that were not paved.
And you're on a dirt road
out in the middle of nowhere,
all this snow around.
And you're wondering,
am I still on the road?
It is very, very
remote and desolate
in some of those areas.
And I think that's
what becomes very
scary, is when you're
all alone and you know
that for hundreds of miles--
>>GEORGE: Anything could happen.
>>MIKE: --there's nothing.
How do people get a
hold of you, Mike?
>>MIKE: You can find me my
website, mikericksecker.com.
>>GEORGE: Spell that out for us.
>>MIKE: Yeah,
M-I-K-E-R-I-C-K-S-E-C-K-E-R.com.
>>GEORGE: Mike, thanks
for being on the program.
>>MIKE: Thank you
so much, George.
I really appreciate it.
>>GEORGE: This anomaly in Alaska
could be all over the planet.
But in Alaska,
it's very unusual.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[MUSIC PLAYING]